Jen: Hi I'm Jen!
Micaela: I'm Micaela! And welcome to Pediatrics.
Jen: This is Stephanie and Louise, they are our office
coordinators.
Micaela: They help make appointments
and answer the phone when your mom or dad calls to talk to your nurse or doctor.
Jen: this is Stephanie and Josie, they're our medical
assistants
Micaela: When you first come to Joslin, you'll stop in with one of them, they'll do your height, your weight
and
your blood pressure
Jen: They'll download your meter, your pump, and your CGM
Micaela: This is Chris, he's our pediatric phlebotomist
Jen: When you come to Joslin, he'll do your
A1C
when you first get here, and may do some additional lab work if needed
Jen: This is Heidi. She's one of our dietitians
Micaela: She helps families with individualized meal plans, carb counting
and overall healthy eating and exercise
Here are two of our pediatric nurse practitioners,
Julie and Joyce
Jen: They provide diabetes education and adjust insulin.
This is Dr. Markowitz
she is one of our family support specialists here
Micaela: She helps kids and families cope with
their diabetes
Jen: And this is the playroom where you can hang out
with Micaela and me
while your parents are in their appointments
Jen: We have all sorts of fun games
and arts and crafts projects to keep you busy
Jen: This is Dr. Lafflel, she's the chief of Pediatrics
Micaela: Dr. Laffel, can you tell us
a little bit more about how family is incorporated here at Joslin?
Dr. Laffel: when a child is diagnosed with
diabetes, basically the family
now has diabetes. Diabetes at any age is not a do-it-yourself condition.
Particularly for children with diabetes,
these children
are relying upon the adults in their
lives, particularly their parents
to care for their diabetes. So families
are they important? They are absolutely critical. And the Child Life team allows us to
focus
on the questions and the needs of families
and to provide the support that families need. Because
the children who have diabetes
can be pleasantly occupied in
educational activities and support
activities with our wonderful Child Life
team
while we're working with the parents, with the family members to ensure
that their children are getting
the up-to-date information
all so that we are able to ensure their
children with diabetes
experience normal growth and development,
that we can do our best to prevent
diabetes complications, to preserve the
health of our children
with diabetes, and most above all
to protect their futures.
Because the children we have today are the future for all of us tomorrow.
Micaela: Thanks for joining us for this tour of Pediatrics!
Jen: We look forward to seeing you at Joslin.